README.md, before:

# Markbase for Obsidian

Official [Markbase](https://markbase.xyz) plugin to share your Obsidian notes online in your own digital garden

## Instructions

1. Install the plugin
2. Copy your personal token from the dashboard or settings section in the [Markbase app](https://app.markbase.xyz) into the Markbase plugin settings in Obsidian
3. Choose a folder/file to upload online in the plugin settings (in Obsidian)
4. **You're done!** Any file/folder within your chosen directory will be automatically uploaded and synced online every time you open Obsidian or change a file
5. *Optional - you can click the Sync Markbase button in the side ribbon to manually sync from Markbase*
6. *Optional - you can click Clear Sync Memory in the plugin settings to resync all your tweets/threads from scratch*

## Notes

*The plugin is in the **alpha** stage of development and has currently only been tested on desktop*

For feature requests, to report bugs or request help using the plugin, please create an issue or use the live chat/Help & Support form in the [Markbase app](https://app.markbase.xyz)

## Changelog

- 0.0.1
  - Initial release
  - Share your Obsidian notes online in your own digital garden

Commit message:

feat: create and sync projects

README.md, after:

# Markbase for Obsidian

Official [Markbase](https://markbase.xyz) plugin to share your Obsidian notes online in your own digital garden

## Instructions

1. Install the plugin
2. Copy your personal token from the dashboard or settings section in the [Markbase app](https://app.markbase.xyz) into the Markbase plugin settings in Obsidian
3. In the Obsidian plugin's settings, create a project and choose a folder/file to upload online
4. **You're done!** That folder should be uploaded online in your digital garden
5. *Optional - To resync your project if you've updated its contents, you can press the Sync button in the Obsidian plugin's settings*
6. *Optional - To delete a project, go to the [Markbase app](https://app.markbase.xyz)*

## Notes

*The plugin is in the **alpha** stage of development and has currently only been tested on desktop*

For feature requests, to report bugs or request help using the plugin, please create an issue or use the live chat/Help & Support form in the [Markbase app](https://app.markbase.xyz)

## Changelog

- 0.0.1
  - Initial release
  - Share your Obsidian notes online in your own digital garden
